# Jailbreak Apple TV 4k Chimera(tvOS 12.0-12.4)


You will need:

1. Apple TV 4K (tvOS 12.0-12.4) connected to your tv.
2. Apple TV remote.
3. AC adapter
4. XCode on Mac or Windows
5. [Chimera](chimera.sh) **OR** [Direct Download](https://chimera.sh/downloads/tv/1.3.9.ipa)
6. [iOS App Signer](https://dantheman827.github.io/ios-app-signer/) **OR** [Direct Download](https://github.com/DanTheMan827/ios-app-signer/releases/download/1.13.1/iOS.App.Signer.app.zip)
7. An Apple ID

### Step 1

Download Xcode from the App Store, [Here](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/xcode/id497799835?mt=12)

Windows users will have to find an alternative way to get Xcode on your computer, a tutorial will be posted shortly. (It is possible to do on windows, it's just more complicated.)


### Step 2

Make sure that your Apple TV is connected properly to your TV and is plugged in and on.


### Step 3

If you have never used Xcode, follow the below steps exactly. If you have sideloaded apps to your TV before, the process might have less steps. If you have already Paired your ATV to Xcode before, skip to _Step 9

Firstly, on your Apple TV, navigate to _Settings > Remotes and Devices > Remote App and Devices_


### Step 4

Open XCode, and you will get prompted "Welcome to Xcode", ignore it. You can navigate to the top bar where it says **`Xcode`** and then click `Preferences`. Under the `Accounts` tab click the `+` button to add your Apple ID. Enter your Apple ID, you can then close that window.


### Step 5

In Xcode, go up to the top bar, where is says `Window` and click on it. 

In the dop down you should see `Devices and Simulators` click on it.


### Step 6

If your Apple TV and your Mac are connected to the same network, (if they are not, make sure they are) you should see the name of your Apple TV display on the left panel. 

Click on your Apple TV name.


### Step 7

You should see a large Question Mark and a button on the page that says `Pair with (Your AppleTV Name)`

Click on it.


### Step 8

A code will display on your Apple TV to confirm the pair. 

Enter the code in on Xcode.

You will now be paired to your Apple TV.


### Step 9

Close the active Xcode `Devices and Simulators` window, and then at the bottom of your screen, press the Xcode symbol on the dock. It will open the welcome page again. 

Click `Create New Project`. A new window will pop up asking you `Choose a template for your project:`

Select `tvOS` at the top, and `Single View App` must also be selected. 

Press Next.


### Step 10

For _Product Name:_ (it doesn't matter what you put here) but to follow exactly, put `jail`

Click Next.


### Step 11

A file search dropdown will appear, now you must decide where the IPA will be saved. Let's save it to the Desktop to make it easier to find for later.

Make sure that `Create Git repository on my Mac` is UNchecked.

Click Create.


### Step 12

You might see a pop up warning "No author information was supplied by the version control system." Just press the `Cancel` button to dismiss it.

You will see your App workspace come up, an error message might be next to `Status` will also be displayed. 


### Step 13

Right in the middle of the page you should see `Team` and selected is `None`.

Click the None, and then select your `Apple ID Name (Personal Team)`

It will now give you two different errors.


### Step 14

Under the Identity section, where it says `Bundle Identifier` change it to `com.(whatever you want).jail`

If you get the same error, it is because you didn't make a unique bundle identifier, so make sure the (whatever you want) portion is something that no one else would've put.

Press Enter


### Step 15

If you did everything correctly, you will see under `Signing Certificate` it will say `iPhone Developer:` then your signing certificate. 


### Step 16

You can now open iOS App Signer.

Where it says _Input File:_ you need to locate the File you just created with Xcode. If you saved it to the Desktop, just navigate to the Desktop and find it.

Where it says _Signing Certificate:_ You should see your Apple ID, you shouldn't have to change anything. If you don't see your Apple ID, select it from the drop down.

Where it says _Provisioning Profile:_ You must select the `tvOS Team Provisioning Profile: com.(Whatever you want).jail` if you did not use `jail` for the _Product Name_ in Step 2, you must select the one with the same product name.

Click Start.


### Step 17

It will ask you where to save it, let's save it to the Documents folder this time so that it does not Delete the old IPA on your Desktop.

Click Save.

iOS App Signer will then ask for access in your keychain. Press allow or always allow.

### Step 18

It will then Sign your IPA, and once it is finished you can close iOS App Signer. You can now re-open Xcode. You can now go up to the top bar and go to `Window` then click `Devices and Simulators`. 


### Step 19

If your ATV 4K is on and connected to your TV, and your internet, you will see it appear under the `Devices` tab. Otherwise, you must connect your ATV to your TV and your internet.
Once it shows in `Devices` you can select it if it's not already and you should see that it is connected.


### Step 20

Underneath the `INSTALLED APPS` section, you shouldn't see any apps (unless you've sideloaded apps onto your ATV before). Under that will be a little white `+` sign. 

Click the `+` sign.


### Step 21

Locate the IPA file we saved to the Documents select it.

Click Open.


### Step 22

Xcode will upload your file to the Apple TV, and you should see Chimera activate on your Home Page. You can open the Chimera app on your TV and press on the `Jailbreak` button in the middle.
It will then automatically jailbreak your TV.

##### Credits: This tutorial was made possible by `New Tech` on Youtube. The video to Jailbreak 12-12.4 is [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nXhuG9BKGHc)
##### The sideloading process for sideloading was taken from `Luis Bermudesz` on Youtube. The video to sideload 'Kodi' (in this case it was just changed to Chimera) is [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZqZZ_c2kF4U)
***Special Thanks to @JTV#5846 on Discord for helping organize these tutorials!***
