# Jailbreak Apple TV 4k Chimera(tvOS 12.2-12.4)


You will need:

1. Apple TV 4K (tvOS 12.2-12.4) connected to your tv.
2. Apple TV remote.
3. AC adapter
4. XCode on Mac or Windows
5. [Chimera](chimera.sh) **OR** [Direct Download](https://chimera.sh/downloads/tv/1.3.9.ipa)
6. [iOS App Signer](https://dantheman827.github.io/ios-app-signer/) **OR** [Direct Download](https://github.com/DanTheMan827/ios-app-signer/releases/download/1.13.1/iOS.App.Signer.app.zip)


### Step 1

Open XCcode, and click `Create New Project`. Select `tvOS` at the top, and `Single View App` must also be selected. 

Press Next.


### Step 2

For _Product Name:_ (it doesn't matter what you put here) but to follow exactly, put `jail` and also put the same thing for _Organization Name:_

Click Next.


### Step 3

A file search dropdown will appear, now you must decide where the IPA will be saved. Let's save it to the Desktop to make it easier to find for later.

Click Create.


### Step 4

You might see a pop up warning "No author information was supplied by the version control system." Just press the `Cancel` button to dismiss it.


### Step 5

You can now open iOS App Signer.
Where it says _Input File:_ you need to locate the File you just created with Xcode. If you saved it to the Desktop, just navigate to the Desktop and find it.
Where it says _Signing Certificate:_ You should see your Apple ID, you shouldn't have to change anything. If you don't see your Apple ID, select it from the drop down.
Where it says _Provisioning Profile:_ You must select the `tvOS Team Provisioning Profile: (YourAppleID.jail)` if you did not use `jail` for the _Product Name_ in Step 2, you must select the one with the same product name.

Click Start.


### Step 6

It will ask you where to save it, let's save it to the Documents folder this time so that it does not Delete the old IPA on your Desktop.

Click Save.


### Step 7

It will then Sign your IPA, and once it is finished you can close iOS App Signer. You can now re-open Xcode. You can now go up to the top bar and go to `Window` then click `Devices and Simulators`. 


### Step 8

If your ATV 4K is on and connected to your TV, and your internet, you will see it appear under the `Devices` tab. Otherwise, you must connect your ATV to your TV and your internet.
Once it shows in `Devices` you can select it if it's not already and you should see that it is connected.


### Step 9

Underneath the `INSTALLED APPS` section, you shouldn't see any apps (unless you've sideloaded apps onto your ATV before). Under that will be a little white `+` sign. 

Click the `+` sign.


### Step 10

Locate the IPA file we saved to the Documents select it.

Click Open.


### Step 11

Xcode will upload your file to the Apple TV, and you should see Chimera activate on your Home Page. You can open the Chimera app on your TV and press on the `Jailbreak` button in the middle.
It will then automatically jailbreak your TV.

##### Credits: This tutorial was made possible by `New Tech` on Youtube. The video to Jailbreak 12-12.4 is [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nXhuG9BKGHc)
